Add Atmos Design Patterns docs (#486)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/design-patterns/design-patterns.mdx

architects emphasize that creating a design that is both reusable and flexible is a daunting task, if not impossible, on the first attempt.

Nevertheless, experienced architects consistently produce effective designs.
What do they know that the others don't?
They possess insights that less-experienced architects may lack. One key aspect of their expertise is the avoidance of solving every problem from
scratch. Instead, they leverage solutions that have proven successful in the past, applying them repeatedly. This accumulated experience is a crucial
factor that distinguishes them as experts. Recurrent patterns are evident in well-designed systems, offering solutions to specific design challenges
and enhancing the flexibility, elegance, and reusability of infrastructure configurations. These patterns enable architects to build upon successful
designs by drawing on prior experience. An architect who is familiar with such patterns can immediately apply them to design problems without the need
to rediscover them.

## What is a Design Pattern?

> The well-known architect and design theorist Christopher Alexander said: "Each pattern describes a problem which occurs over and over again in our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The well-known architect and design theorist [Christopher Alexander](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Christopher_Alexander) said: "Each pattern describes a problem which occurs over and over again in our
```

environment, and then describes the core of the solution to that problem, in such a way that you can use this solution a million times over, without
ever doing it the same way twice".

Even though Christopher Alexander was describing the patterns in construction and buildings, what he said is true about DevOps design patterns.

## What are Atmos Design Patterns?

> Atmos Design Patterns describe core concepts, principles, insights and best practices to structure and organize infrastructures, components and
> stacks to design for organizational complexity and provision multi-account enterprise-grade environments for complex organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Atmos Design Patterns articulate the foundational concepts, principles, and insights essential for structuring and organizing infrastructures, components, and stacks. These patterns are crafted specifically to address organizational complexity and enable the provisioning of multi-account, enterprise-grade environments tailored for complex organizations.
```

> Atmos Design Patterns help the infrastructure designers and architects to leverage the expertise of other skilled architects in creating reusable,
> robust, flexible, and maintainable solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Atmos Design Patterns empower infrastructure designers and architects by providing access to the collective wisdom of seasoned professionals. These patterns serve as a guide for creating solutions that are not only reusable but also robust, flexible, and maintainable. Importantly, they foster convergence on a standard set of recognized patterns, effectively putting a name to the practices and strategies that have proven successful. This standardization aids in streamlining communication and understanding among professionals, enhancing collaboration and efficiency in the field.
```
